the dead space the animation that we
tried to go for is very realistic when
it comes down to making something scary
it's a lot more than just an animation
one of the things about game animation
is especially with the main character
gameplay comes first since day one we've
gone for the thinking that it's quality
over quantity there are times when you
might have to interrupt an animation you
know because you really want to be this
quality you know and that takes a lot of
you know kind of blending between
animations and that's one of the harder
things to get right because you don't
want him to you're just kind of running
then stop and there's a weird animation
of them attacking so that takes a lot of
work all that stuff is going to be
seamless so the Necromorph is striding
along and he sees you you can turn and
immediately come to attack you without
stopping and turning and coming to
attack you it's it's all about trying to
make you feel if you're in the world
with those creatures Isaac has a whole
new set of animations in zero gravity
with Isaac we tried to figure out a way
that we could mocap zero-g because it
was going to be such a broad motion set
and basically repeating full motion set
regular g + 0 g which is a daunting task
his walk as we had to make it feel like
any had the magnetic boots on it and you
know he's kind of stomping around
the speeds had to be a little bit
changed and slower and you know
everything about him is strengthening
all new animations and the characters
that go into zero junior the same way
you know we went up that we went to
Vancouver and started doing our boat cap
and were like okay how can we do zero g
and you know we tried just kind of
mimicking like walking in zero g and
that didn't work so I'm like okay what
else can we do and and the one thing we
came up with it was close was we had a
couple of the guys at the studio tied
bungee cables to my legs and then walk
behind me with the bungee cables as I
kind of like did this this big sort of
stepping look and so that's what we
started with with zero g and
surprisingly enough it actually feels
pretty good sort of like magnetic boots
sort of feel walking Isaac and I in so
many ways I don't think we've ever
really counted because every different
part of him can be cut off maybe I'm
just a demented person I don't know but
you know I would out as soon as I would
see a character and I would see the
blades or I would see the the spikes
coming out of the guys back I'm thinking
to myself I can totally picture one of
those spikes like going up on it you
guys
his face off we figured if you're going
to die in the game let's make it is it
entertaining as hell and so look we got
some pretty entertaining dance
I think my favorite thing is when I been
playing our game and even though I know
it's going to happen I still get scared
and that's pretty funny if you consider
that a lot of the stuff I've seen like
hundreds and hundreds of times but when
I'm walking down a hallway as Isaac and
I come around a corner and all of a
sudden a lurker jumped on my face and
this is just all grabbin anemia and I
almost dropped the controller but it
surprises me so much I mean that that's
pretty awesome if your own game can
scare you even if you know what's going
to happen I think that's my favorite
thing because that to me that to me says
that we've succeeded